Apocalypse Farmer
2008

READ THE FOLLOWING CAREFULLY failure to do so may result in an excessive amount of game-time.

The party of the first part shall be known in the End User License Agreement ("End User License Agreement") as the party of the first part.

The party of the second part shall be known in the End User License Agreement as the party of the second part.

The party of the third part shall be known in the End User License Agreement as the party of the third part.

This is a semi-legal agreement ("Agreement") between you, the end user ("You") and the creators ("Gods").  This Agreement is part of a product package (the  "Package") that includes whatever the hell we feel like defining the Package as at the time.

BY PLAYING THIS GAME YOU AGREE NOT TO SUE FOR ANY REASON AND TO GIVE Gods AN "A" ON THIS AND ANY OTHER SUCH ASSIGNMENTS THAT FALL UNDER THE CATAGORY OF the Package.

If You do not agree to the terms of this Agreement, promtly return the entire Package to wherever you aquired it ("the Internets").

If You do not agree to the terms of this Agreement, You may not use the Package or any part thereof escept on alternate Tuesdays and Leap Years ("Fred").

1.	LIMIT LICENSE AS X->INFINITY:
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, You are intitled to use the Products, in executable form, unless we need help debugging, for your own personal, non-commercial use.  You may not sell any of the Products or Documentation, or any other part of the Package to other parties (the party of the fourth part) in any way.

You agree not to use any of the Products in any manner other than its intended use or purpose.  Unless it's really creative then Gods want to know.

2.	OTHER RESTRICTIONS ON THE DOMAIN:
You may not cause or permit the sale, disclosure, copying, renting, licensing, sublicensing, leasing, disseminating, uploading, downloading, sideloading, transmitting, or otherwise distributing any of the Products by any means or in any form, without prior consent of Gods.  You may not (and may not permit any fifth party (the party of the fifth part)) modify, enhance, supplement, create any derivative works from, adapt, write fan fiction for, translate, reverse engineer, decompile, decompose, dissaemble, or otherwise reduce the object code form of any software provided (bugger this, if you're still reading you really are a tool) to You to human readable form, or use parts of the software products provided as part of the Package independantly of the Package or of the respective Products.  You may not (and may not permit any sixth party (the party of the sixth part) to) avoid, circumvent, circumsize, ignore, or disable any security mechanism, procedure, or protocol.

3.	SANITY CLAUSE:
Don't be silly, everybody knows there's no Sanity Clause.

4.	RESERVED RIGHTS
Gods reserves the right to make modifications ("NAMBLA") and then not release them.  In event of such a NAMBLA there will be a nasty note ("Suckers") posted where You can see it and be slightly peeved.

5.	DELIVERY
Upon succesful recovery of the Package You will recive further instructions as to the delivery method ("Sketchy") You will use.  If Sketchy is not completed in a timely fashion ("Trend") then action will taken.  Remember what happened to the last person to fail (the party of the seventh part).  You wouldn't want that to happen to You, would You.